So I feel like we've been ready to hop into the next bit of this, into the second track, but keep
getting sidetracked.
Now let's listen to this real quick.
Super cool, high energy track.
And you know, when you're going through the memorial, you want to keep in mind where the high energy
footage is that you have now.
I know I have this fire stuff, so let's go ahead and try that first, because I want this to be a big
boom.
We're having a switch in song.
We're coming out of this like drone, very elegant, you know, slow moving, far away shots from the
aerial perspective.
Now, I want this to be a big contrast.
So I think the fire footage is going to be perfect for that.
Oh, yeah.
Each.
Now, I'm just going to kind of clean this up a little bit by making this clip come in sooner.
Now, we don't necessarily need that clip.
Let's go ahead and move that back.
Now I want to go into more fire because I know we have a different project that has some really cool
fire footage.
So just like how we did with similarities earlier in the edit, like Hand Hand and then a few other
things that we did.
I'm going to try to do that here.
So I want this first shot is great, but because this has so much fire, I want to find one.
Yeah.
Let's do this one.
Just so we are matching the at least a little bit, the amount of fire in the shots.
OK.
You know, I don't think we need this one.
So I'm going to take that one away.
It's
OK.
I'm actually liking that.
There's like a similar this shot is like leading the eye down and then boom, these just kind of cut
together really nicely.
So it's kind of skewed this over.
Chop this down.
Let's see if this will cut in right here.
Mrs..
I think that's enough fire footage.
Let's see what else we got.
Oh, yeah, let's get into some of this cool stuff, so go ahead and drag this in.
Perfect.
So this really cool effect that I did in the after effects fits perfectly with the core audio cue that
we're hearing at this moment.
OK.
And I believe, yeah, I did some more duplicating cloning effects from this past project.
So let's do that similar thing.
We have fire, fire, fire, and then a clone, clone, clone, clone.
OK.
And let's just kind of take a look at what we just did there.
Now, I want some things kind of off here on the pacing.
Yeah, I'm going to put this shot first, actually, and then we're going to kind of scoot this over.
So this is just the editing process.
You try you undo command Z, whatever.
Old Z, undo.
Undo, undo.
Try again.
So we're going to get this flowing.
Good.
And then we're going to move to the next section.
OK, perfect.
So now we are at about a minute and 20 second mark.
And if we listen to the end, it is looking good.
And if we listen to the audio here, there's an opportunity at this part of the song to actually potentially
finish the song.
It's.
Perfect.
OK, I'm loving what's coming together here, and in the next video lesson, we're going to edit down
this soundtrack, because there's a part here where we can actually potentially end the song here and
keep this demo real short and sweet.
So I'll see you in the next video lesson.